I smile and whisper..."strip". Your breath catches but you know you need to do as you are told. I step back and sit down on the couch to watch you and say one word..."everything". I can see you hesitate but you take in a deep breath and stand straighter, first you decide to be little playful and start with your socks and in doing so give me a smirk. I don't react as you throw them to the side but tell you to fold your clothes and place them on the floor. You take off your t-shirt and fold it then stand and look at me daring me to say anything, I nod and wait. You undo your pants and take them off, fold them and put them aside. Goosebumps start to form on your skin as you stand there in your bra and panties and I can see your nipples are noticeable through the fabric of your bra. You hesitate again but then pull of your bra, hold it to the side and drop it as another challenge, I know better than to give you the satisfaction of a reaction. Your panties are next, you take your time removing and folding them. Just for a second I get a hint of your scent and I feel myself stiffen. I stand up and walk towards you and can see you try and hide by shifting, I tell you to stand up and keep your hands by your side. I am close enough to see the goosebumps and the strain of your nipples. I walk around you a few times taking all of you in, your smooth skin, your breasts that fit nicely in my hands, your shape, your ass that begs to be spanked, and your furry pussy that I have not allowed you to shave to your consternation. I stop behind you and place a finger at the top of your spine, you flinch at my touch and take in a sharp short breath. My finger trails down your spine slowly and you can't help but arch your back, when I reach the top of your ass I trail my finger down and then cup your left cheek feeling the firmness and give. I let go and give you a quick smack on the ass and laugh as you jump. Your front has been neglected in my inspection, I move around you and look you over. My right hand cups your left breast lifting it to my mouth, my tongue traces over your erect nipple and I can see how sensitive your nipples are by you tensing harder and harder while trying not to react. Once I let go you try and unclench your teeth and go back to breathing normally which makes me smile once again. I marvel at your skin and place my hand flat on your stomach to feel you breath, the longer I stay the calmer you get till I slide my hand down. Your pubic hair stands out against your pale skin and I know you hate it but it gives me pleasure to torture you by making you grow it. I run my fingers through your pubic hair and laugh at the grimace on your face, I go to cup your pussy but you squeeze your legs together. I look up at your face till you look at me and I say "open your legs", there is a flicker of rebellion in your expression but it dawns on you that I'm not playing, your gaze drops and you shift your legs giving me access. My hand cups your pussy and I feel your warmth radiating as well as the wetness that has seeped out and coated your lips and inner thighs. My middle finger covers the opening of your pussy and as I pull my hand up it trails along your pussy lips. My fingers are coated with your juices, I hold them close to my face and breath in your scent savoring every nuance of how amazing you smell. I take a quick lick of my finger and tell you how good you taste and smell, your face turns red and again I smile.
You will find this. You will find this because I told you to find this. Because this is our game. We would both create accounts, and use those accounts to post our secrets and desires. I have found yours. I've seen your account and how you're interested in rape play. I've seen how you want to be tied up, how you want to be fucked in the ass, how you want to be dominated.

And now, it appears, you've found mine. Congratulations, because now you get to hear what I plan to do to you.

One day, after you've forgotten about reading this, you will come home from work. It will have been a long day, and you will be tired. You will be frustrated with your drive home. You will want to relax. As you enter the apartment, you will smell that dinner is already almost done. You will be excited, and you will thank me for being so considerate. I will be pleasant and cheerful, and will ask you how your day was. I will compliment how you look in your lovely summer dress. I will invite you to sit at the table, and that I will bring your dinner to you. And that is when you will notice the leg harnesses attached to the chair. And that is when you will know that today is the day.

I will strap you into the chair and dinner will proceed as normal. We will chit-chat about our days, maybe gossip about coworkers. The only difference is that your legs will be forced apart. You will feel exposed and vulnerable and that will make you excited. Dinner will simultaneously feel too fast and too slow. You will have trouble maintaining conversation. At some point, I will excuse myself momentarily, and return with your anal plug and give it to you. You will put it in. This will make you feel more protected, more in control, because it is that emptiness that leaves you exposed. You will yearn for your other holes to be filled and yet I will sit across from you and ask you about the local news. You will grow frustrated with my plodding pace, and you will try to turn the conversation sexual in an attempt to speed up the process. I will ignore your attempts and continue with the normal conversation. Once dinner is finished, I will clean the table and start to do the dishes. Your back will be turned to me, and you will have nothing to look at but a wall because you will still be stuck in your chair. Your frustration will grow, and you will try turning your body to see what I am doing; your emptiness will consume you and you will begin to grind the plug further into you, hoping to spread the feeling of fullness to the rest of your body. Eventually I will finish with the dishes, achingly slowly put them away and dry my hands, and only then will I return to you. I will unhook your harnesses from the chair. I will gentlemanly help you out of your seat and point to the bedroom. “After you.”

You will walk to the bedroom and I will follow. We will both enter and I will close the door. I will make you strip down completely naked. You are to do nothing other than what I command. I will tell you to lie down on the bed, on your stomach. You will do so and I will forcefully take your wrists, putting restraints on them and harnessing those restraints to the ones on your legs, pulling your feet towards the sky. Your heart rate will increase. “Finally,” you will think. But the force will have been a mirage, as I take out the bottle of oil and begin to massage your back and neck. With care and tenderness I will massage down your body, until I reach low enough, at which point I will remove your anal plug.

The emptiness will overwhelm you again. You will once again feel exposed and vulnerable, now wet and covered in oil. You will beg for more but I will not give it to you. I will massage down your legs, and then back up, eventually focusing on your cunt. There I will knead, with slow, powerful movements, over and over your clit. You will feel the ache and wetness of frustration and desire but it will not be fast enough for you to cum. Eventually I will stop, and I will remove my own clothes. I will unchain your wrists from your legs, and if you attempt anything, I will overpower you. I will chain your wrists together behind your back and you will suck my cock as I lay back on the bed, one hand behind your head. You will be kneeling over me, with your hands chained, and in order to not fall forward and gag yourself on my cock you will have to rely on your core strength and balance, as well as my not pushing you too far. I make no promises. You will suck harder and sloppier than normal, because you know you need to please me. My cock might fall out of your mouth to lie against my stomach. You will struggle desperately to get it back in your mouth.
Once I have had my fun, I will get up and move you into a doggy style position. At this point you will notice a change in my behaviour. I will be rougher with you. My words will be cut with vulgarity, my touch lined with aggression. With your wrists still behind your back, I will kneel behind you and make you beg. You will beg and I will reward you. I will enter you and fuck you at strong, steady pace. You will gasp because your emptiness is being filled, because your ache is going away. With greater force, but no greater speed, I will continue to fuck you as I insert one, and then two fingers into your ass. This will send you over the top and you will cum all over my cock. For that, I will let you rest and unchain your wrists. I will remove my cock from your cunt, but now add third finger into your anus. Slowly I will work, as you feel the emptiness returning to you. You need more. I will make you look back at me, and I will slowly, achingly, but stalwardly push my cock into your asshole. Your heart will race with excitement and nervousness as I slowly thrust in and out. First it will be just the tip, but deeper and deeper I will thrust until I have reached the hilt and finally, you feel full. With your now free hands you will race to rub your clit and fill your cunt with fingers that you can't seem to control anymore. My behaviour will become more animalistic as the thrusts become deeper and harder, as I begin to slap your ass and grunt and growl at “how good a girl you are”. Frenetically your hands will slip and fidget over your aching cunt as I grab your ponytail and fuck you as deep and as hard as I can. You will cum, losing control of your entire body in unchained ecstasy found through chained bodies. As you cum, I will as well, spilling an enormous load deep inside you.
Out of breath, I will pull out of you, and take both of your hands. You will think you are done, so you will be confused as I chain your hands back to your leg harnesses. “One more,” I will tell you, as I take your vibrator and place it inside your cunt, stringing the control dial up to your hand. And with that I will sit across from you, where you can see me, and watch as you try to make yourself cum. And you will have to try. This one will not be as easy as the ones before. Now you will have to take what was previously given to you. You will have to control the intensity with the dial, finding the sweet spot to give yourself your own form of pleasure. And finally, after much effort, with my cum dribbling out of your still gaping hole, you will cum for a third and final time. I will unchain you and kiss you, and we will shower together.
Then maybe we will watch a movie. We both have to work in the morning.
I sat on my bed, and began to cry.
I had just finished a long conversation with my parents, where we had been discussing our less than stellar financial situation. Why would they have such a discussion with one of their children? Because their answer had been to sell that child into slavery.
Although technically speaking I wasn’t a child, really. I had just turned eighteen, which is why this was legal at all. But my parents still considered me their little girl, and that just made it so much. The fact that they had even considered this was heartbreaking, but also very telling of just how much debt they had acquired.
I still had a hard time believing that I was going to become a slave. I remembered visiting a friend’s house that had a slave. They had kept him naked and chained outside like a dog. I was among those had mocked and humiliated him, because he was a slave and it was OK to subject slaves to abuse

Now I was going to be stripped, humiliated and used like a slave. The very thought of it brought on more tears. It was going to happen soon too, my parents promised that they would sell me tomorrow...

I walked into the selling house with my father. His face was stony and showed no emotion, I had no idea what was going through his head. I wish I could say the same for myself, was breathing deeply, fidgeting and fighting back tears.

We walked through a waiting area to the front desk. A middle aged woman looked up at us through her reading glasses. “Hello and welcome. How can I help you?”

My father looked at me, the look in his eyes telling me he wanted me to talk to her. I took a deep breath first. “I... I want to... to sell myself...”

The woman, thankfully, interrupted me. “Take a number and have a seat.”

We did as we were told, in complete silence with neither one of us knowing what to say. After an hour of agonized waiting, we were finally called inside.

The room we walked into was actually really small. In it were four men in uniform, one was an old man sitting at a desk, the other three stood and looked vaguely menacing. Before the desk was a single, luxurious chair.

The man at the desk looked up at us after writing something down, and then spoke. “The benefactor sits in the chair, the slave kneels next to it.” He instructed.

It hurt to be referred to as a slave when I technically wasn’t one, but regardless I got on my hands and knees next to the chair while my father sat in it. The painful symbolism was not lost on me.

The man at the desk, whom I couldn’t see anymore due to my position, spoke to my father. “Do you consent to being the benefactor of this deal and receive the amount of money this slave is sold for, regardless of how much that amount is?”

“Yes” my father replied instantly.

I heard a scratching sound that might have been a pen being used, and then the man spoke again, this time to me. “Do you consent to becoming a slave, forfeiting all human rights and submitting the wishes of your masters, regardless of what those wishes are?”

My reply came slower than my father’s did “Y...yes...”

“You are now a slave. Your body will be examined to determine how much you’re worth and then you will be shipped to a slave training house.”

A guard walked over to me and I felt something wrap around my neck and lock into place. A collar. This drove home what had just happened to me and my tears flowed. I was pulled to my feet and taken through a door, but not the one I had entered from. I caught sight of my father on my way out; his eyes were full of pity.

I found myself in a long corridor full of doors. The guard that had me open one and shoved me inside, where I remained, all alone.

The room was square and tiny, probably only about eight-by-eight feet. The floor was stone and cold, with the walls being much the same. There was nothing to do, except for think about the mysteries of the future. I was no longer in control of my own life; I was going to spend the rest of my days making someone else happy, with my own happiness completely irrelevant. It made me sad to think of it, but I had to accept it. I had seen slaves get punished, and I certainly never wanted to get punished.

I wasn’t waiting for very long, probably only about forty minutes. It felt like a lifetime, so regardless of the situation I was glad when a woman walked in. She had a bag slung over one shoulder and a clipboard in one hand. I was about to stand to met her, but she gestured that I remain on the ground. Not wanting to start things off on the wrong foot, I obeyed.

“Hello, I am here to inform you that the paper work is now complete and you are now officially a slave. Congratulations, your first order is to submit all articles’ of clothing you are wearing to us, with the exception of your collar of course.”

I was dumbfound. I suppose I should have seen it coming, but it was still a shock to hear what was expected of me. “Um... But I don’t want...”

The woman interrupted me. “If you refuse, which you no longer have the right to, then I am free to call the guards in here and forcibly strip you.”

That sounded horrifying, and suddenly I couldn’t get my clothes off fast enough. It was still humiliating, and I did my very best not to look the woman in the eye. I knew what I was going to see in there, and I didn’t want to see it. So when I finished my clothes were piled up next to me and I sat naked next to them, staring at the ground with a blushing face.

The woman put her bag down and from it pulled out a smaller plastic bag. She handed it to me. “Pack the clothes in here then lay on your back with your legs spread.”

I did as I was told, stuffing my clothes inside the bag. Stupidly I started to wonder what would happen to them, even though I should be far more worried about myself. Feeling nervous after putting the clothes away I obeyed the woman’s second command, laying on my back and spread out my legs, feeling a little like a whore.

The woman kneeled and got in between my legs and with gloved hands started examining my pussy. She poked and prodded and I did my best not to squirm, fearful of the consequences. After a little of that she went back to her back and, to my shock and horror, pulled out a long dildo.

The woman saw my expression and laughed. “This is just to test how much cock you can take, you’re not supposed to take it all, although I would be impressed if you did!” And with that, she began to insert it into my pussy, and kept pushing it in until I felt ready to burst. When it wouldn’t go in anymore, she marked the dildo with a marker she pulled out of her pocket and, to my relief, pulled out the dildo. Just when I thought it was over she instructed me to turn over and spread my ass.

Knowing what was going to happen next, I reluctantly obeyed. Sure enough, the woman began to push the dildo into my anus. I squealed and tensed up, but the woman kept going, making it even more painful for me. I took a deep breath and tried to relax, but pretty soon I was in tears.

The woman pulled the dildo out when she couldn’t get it any deeper. “You’re doing well so far, now sit up and face me.”

Taking another deep breath, I obeyed this latest order, showing the woman my tear streaked face. She raised the dildo slightly. “Now, open your mouth.”

Shocked, I clapped a hand over my mouth and shook my head. No way, that thing had been in my ass, she wouldn’t seriously expect me to deep throat it, would she?

She slapped me for that, and then held my face still to look me in the eye. “Listen you bitch, you better learn to do as you are told. You are a slave that means you do whatever people tell you to do. If someone tells you to open your mouth, then you better open your filthy whore mouth. Understood?”

Tearing up, I nodded and open my mouth as wide as it could. Feeling disgusted with myself, the woman put the dildo inside, sliding it into my throat. I gagged and involuntarily drew back, which earned me another slap and the woman shoved the dildo back in my mouth, this time holding the back of my head.

Like before she kept forcing it in until it wouldn’t go any further, then pulled it out and marked it. Thankfully she put the dildo away after that, but then she pulled out something far more sinister looking: shackles.

With a look of warning, she came towards me with the shackles. “Lay on your stomach, hands behind your back, don’t move.”

Feeling defeated, I submitted to the shackles. I felt them wrap around and secure my wrists together. I could no longer separate them, this made me feel even more helpless then I was already.

She smiled at me, but it wasn’t a kind smile. It was a malicious smile, the kind that made it clear she was enjoying my pain. She took my breasts in each hand, at first fondling them. Then she cruelly pinched my nipples and pulled on them, making me scream in pain and surprise. She then turned her back to me and went to her bag.

I heard her rummage through her bag and pull out a couple things. She walked around to my head and I saw a ball-gag in her hand, which she shoved into my mouth. In her other hand she held a cane, a long and wicked looking thing. “This is to test your pain tolerance. If you can go without screaming for ten strikes, you’ll get a reward. “Without anymore explanation, she whipped the cane down on my ass. I was unprepared, but managed to avoid screaming by biting down on the gag. Was I really expected to survive through ten of those? I couldn’t see my ass but I was sure a long, nasty welt was rising.

Another cruel strike followed, but using the same biting technique from before I avoided screaming a second time. This went on for three more strikes, and I wasn’t sure how much more I could take. I was only half way through and I was already crying my eyes out, and I had gotten teeth marks on the hard plastic of the gag. A few seconds passed before the woman came around to face me. “You look like you can’t take much more. Too bad, looks like you’re not getting that reward after all. Except there is one other thing you can do...”

Before she even finished I was already nodding franticly. I didn’t care what she wanted me to do, as long as she put that cane away.

She laughed “Eager little whore, aren’t you?” She then pulled down her own pants and for a moment I was confused. She pulled the gag out of my mouth and left around my neck and then I understood what I was supposed to do.

She pulled my face closer to her pussy. “Hurry now, if you can make me cum you’ll get your reward.” I could see that she was already wet; apparently caning me had aroused her. I stuck out my tongue and started licking her juices and, after some hesitation, stuck my tongue insider her. I had never gone down on a woman before, but I must be doing something right because she started moaning. I took that as encouragement and increased my speed. I didn’t know what this reward was, but I needed something, anything to brighten my day.

I could tell I was getting close, she grew wetter and began shoving my face into her, riding my face with no regard to my own comfort. I just kept going, I had to bear it, there was nothing else for me to do. It would only stop when she came, so I had to make her cum.

Even though it had been my goal, it was still shocking when it happened. Liquid burst out of the woman, most of which ended up on my face. The woman laughed again, using her gloved hand to spread out her juices on my face and hair. She got up, pulled up her pants and took the cane off the floor. “You did alright, whore.” And with that, she struck me with the cane one last time. Caught by surprise, I screamed loudly. She then grabbed by my hair and pulled me up to look her in the eye. “Wait here, I’ll get your reward.” Dropping my hair, she left the room.

I curled up in a fetal position after she left, I would have hugged myself had my arms not been restrained. I started to cry as I realized I’d just been used, like an object that had fulfilled its purpose. I tried to tell myself to get used to it, that this was my life now, but it was difficult to say the least.

The door opened again and the woman was back. With a wink she set down a bowl fun of mushy brown paste, which I recognized as slave feed, a food not well known for flavour. I leaned down and started licking it, since I couldn’t use my hands. It tasted as bland as I expected it to, it certainly didn’t seem like much of a reward. Still, as slave I have to take what I am given.
I'm throwing a bit of a party, and you're coming. You're to arrive early, to get into your outfit, of course... You are the centerpiece if the show, after all. Here's what you can expect...

You're to be restrained at the wrists and ankles, loose enough for you to move around, of course, and gagged. For my own enjoyment, a vibrator in your ass and cunt, hidden by a short skirt. Not turned on, yet. And topless, of course. Can't let those beautiful breasts go unseen

As the guests arrive, you're to take their jackets if they're wearing them, and fetch them drinks from the kitchen. It's up to you to ask them what they'd like, through the ballgag in your mouth, and the drool on your lips.

You are to allow any groping, pinching, grabbing, or spanking that the guests may wish to do. You are here for their entertainment, after all. And you'll moan in appreciation of the attention you receive!

When everyone is settled in, I'll lead you to the side of the room, kiss you on the forehead, and lift your still-bound wrists above your head, latching them to a ring on the ceiling, leaving you standing entirely helpless, tits heaved up for show.

Turning away, I'll turn on the TV, and pull up a series of videos. Videos of you fucking yourself, of you being fucked, of you tied up begging for a cock in every hole. That's when you'll feel the vibrators turn on, sending shocks of unexpected pleasure through your body

Unaware of the vibrators, the guests will see you weak at the knees, grinding your legs together, moaning, and drooling, and will of course believe that you're such a slut that merely watching yourself be used like a whore is enough to drive you crazy.

But such lewd behavior will of course distract everyone from the videos on display, so you will be told to stand straight and proper, and spanked until you do. Over the course of the videos, each more depraved than the last, the intensity of the vibrators will increase. Any waver in your demeaner will be.met with a swift, hard spanking, until you are again standing proper, cunt dripping wet, drool falling onto your tits.

Finally, the videos will end, and a blindfold will be placed on you. Arms let down, they will be placed behind your back and locked again, to make sure the slut doesn't try to get off without a cock inside her.

You'll be guided to the center of the room, and dropped to your knees onto the soft carpet, then pushed forward onto what feels like a leather table. Skirt hiked up, the vibrator will be rejoices from your cunt, leaving you feeling empty and exposed.

I'll whisper in your ear, asking if you want your pussy filled back up. I'm sure you'll nod your head as much as you can. From all around you will be the sound of zippers being undone, soon followed by the head of a large cock at your burning hot, soaking wet cunt.

It will slam inside you, and begin pounding away behind you, filling you with the cock you so desperately need, slut. I'll tell you that when your pussy is good enough to take a load of hot cum, I'll remove the gag for you to take it at both ends like a cum addicted whore.

And it won't be long. Your tight hole, spasming between orgasms, will have that cock shooting a load of cum deep inside you, then slipping back out, leaving you empty and needing again. Satisfied with your work, the gag will be removed, quickly followed by the smell of a cock waving in front of your mouth, and the feel of another rubbing along your ass.

Simultaneously, both big, fat cocks will enter you, hands grabbing you by the back of the head and at the hips. A camera will be watching the whole time, to remind you later what a filthy whore you know you are. Watching as men fuck you from either end, as you moan and drool around a cock.
“Then don’t disobey me Slut,” he retorts. “Now get back on your knees and finish your task,” he demands and I immediately turn around, keeping my hands behind my back, and take his cock in my mouth again. This time, he impatiently grabs the back of my head and thrusts himself deep down my throat causing my eyes to water. I open my mouth wider and attempt to take him completely in. After my throat gets used to this, he begins thrusting his dick in and out of my throat with no care for my comfort. I feel his cock harden in my mouth and hear him groan with pleasure. As his thrusts become quicker and quicker he looks down at me, saliva and tears running down my face like a good naughty whore and calls me a dirty slut for loving every second of this. I wish I could tell him how good his cock tastes and how much I want to feel his cock throb and taste his cum as he explodes with pleasure in my mouth, but all I could manage to do was moan. With this added sensation of vibration, his thrusts become quicker and deeper and just when I think I can’t take it anymore, he suddenly slams his huge hard cock deep in my throat and holds it there where I can feel it throb intensely and taste his cum flood my throat and mouth.

He releases me with a sigh of pleasure and pets my head lovingly while saying, “Good Toy.” As I wipe the saliva from my face, he reaches down to touch my cunt and laughs at how wet I’ve become from tasting his cock and giving him pleasure. I moan, already near an orgasm, and this only makes him smirk more as he realizes that practically anything he does to me or any touch he gives me at that moment could send me over the edge. With this thought in mind, he grabs the back of my neck, hands still behind my back, and pushes my face to the floor, exposing my wet cunt. He fingers me and watches me squirm as I get closer and closer to cumming. “What do you want you nasty Slut?” he demands.

“I want to cum Master!” I respond. He continues to finger fuck me and just when I am at the brink, he stops and I almost start crying with desire and frustration. “Please let me cum Master! Fuck my cunt hard, I need your cock!” I beg.

“I don’t think you deserve it,” he retorts as he suddenly spanks my ass viciously causing me to let out a yelp and leaving behind a bright red handprint. His hand finds one of my nipples and twists it hard while he asks, “Whose Slut are you?”

“Oh, fuck!” I cry out from the white hot pain caused by his fingers. “I’m your Slut, your Toy! Please Master, use your Toy’s slut cunt” I plead desperately. He begins teasing me by rubbing his cock along me. I try to move my hips into a position that forces his cock into me, but he jerks his hips back and slaps my pussy hard causing me to let out another yelp.

He grabs my neck squeezing it hard and pushing my face into the floor and snarls, “I’m going to use you, and you are NOT allowed to cum unless I let you and I think for your disobedience earlier, I’m not going to let you cum tonight.”

He begins to push his hard cock excruciatingly slowly into my pussy and then he starts fucking me, harder and harder, each thrust deeper and bringing me closer to cumming. I begin thrusting my hips into him and to my horror I feel myself begin to cum. Knowing that if I came without his permission the punishment would be horrible so I plead once more, “Oh, God! Master please let your Toy cum, I’ll do anything!”

Grasping my throat he demands, “Are you going to be a good Toy if I allow you to cum right now?”

“Yes, I promise Master!” I reply.
I dragged myself out of the corner, turned over and stuck my ass out, exposing my cunt. I felt Master insert something into me. I let out a minor squeal, which no one paid attention to. Master then took me by the collar and dragged me to the middle of the room, where I was in full view of everyone in the room. I laid on my side, nervously looking at Master and his friends as they eagerly looked down on me.

“Now whore, no matter what happens, just remember that you’re not allowed to cum. Got it?”

I nodded, thinking it was odd that Master was reminding me of this. I already knew I wasn’t suppose to cum without permission. With growing horror I began to suspect what Master had put into me, and my suspicions were confirmed when Master took out a small remote control.

Master pushed a button, and my cunt was filled with vibrations. I gasped and arched my back, doing my best not to orgasm. It was hard, made even more difficult by the fact that Master hadn’t let me orgasm in while. I took deep breaths as I struggled, I was also vaguely aware of Master and friends laughing at me as they watched me wither in pleasure.

As hard I tried, I could only resist for so long. I came, and I came hard. I took several deep breaths, my face teary from the ordeal. I was in ecstasy from the pleasure and relief I felt, but it spoiled by dread. Maser had never punished me before, and now he had all the right in the world to do so. I had just broken a key rule, and I was about to pay the price.

Master glared down at me, his face disdainful. “Whore, sit up and face me”

I didn’t want to; I was too scared to look at Master. But I didn’t want to give him yet another reason to punish me, so I did as I was told.

“What did I just tell you?” Master asked. I stayed silent, feeling ashamed. “Answer me, bitch!”

I flinched at Master’s raised voice, and answered with a shaky voice. “That I’m not allowed to cum.”

“And what did you just do?”

“I...I came.”

I waited for Masters reaction. I wasn’t waiting for a long; his hand snapped out and struck my face. I gasped out, but I was still prepared for more. No way was that the extent of my punishment.

“Well, I certainly don’t want to ruin this evening.” Master said. “How would you boys like to use my whore? I can punish her later.”

“Well, I don’t know what I’m waiting for.” Said one the men, pulling his cock out. “Get your ass over here and sit on my dick, bitch.”

I got up, struggled with it because of my bound hands. I walked over to man, who pulled small egg-shaped viberater out of me. I then obeyed his command and lowered myself onto his penis. A second later a second man put his cock in my ass. I gasped with surprise, feeling uncomfortable with two cocks in me. Positions were shifted so that the third man could put his cock in my mouth. I felt so overwhelmingly full, I wasn’t sure if I liked it or not.

All three of my holes were mercilessly pounded. The men thrusted with incredible force, just one of them could have used me to my limits. They of course paid no attention to my pleasure or comfort, just kept fucking me until I was filled with their cum.

“You guys done yet?” Master asked. “I want to leave the whore outside for the night.”

“Sure, just one more... Yeah...” the man in pussy said as he filled me with own cum. When he pulled out Master took me by my collar and dragged me out the back door. He took a leash out of his pocket, clipped it to my collar and tied it to a pipe. He pushed me into the dirt, and then crouched down to look me in the eye. “Have you learned your lesson, whore?”

I nodded. “Yes Master, I’ll never cum without permission ever again.”

Master slapped me again, this time with more force. “Don’t lie to me, you couldn’t have learned anything because I didn’t punish you. What? Did you think letting my friends fuck you was your punishment?”

I wasn’t sure how to answer this, so I just dropped my gaze in shame.
Feeling hopeful, I obeyed, turning toward Master and putting my face to floor, giving him easy access to my pussy. He lightly played with my clit, traced the lips of my cunt without really stimulating me. I started to grow even wetter, and out of corner of my eye I could see Master smiling; he was enjoying my arousal.

I was growing nervous. Would Master let me cum? When he fucked me last night he had paid no attention to my own pleasure, would he now?

I don't know what I expected, it certainly wasn't what happened next. Master picked up the crop and started beating my ass with it, focusing on my pussy. I gasped and screamed, but despite that Master kept going until my ass was red.

"I don't think you know what it means to be an owned slave." Master said harshly. "You are nothing, you hear me? You are a lot like this couch right here. I'll use you when I want to, and how I want to. If I don't want to use you, then you shut up and wait until I do. You have no rights, none at all. And this pussy-" Master struck my cunt at this point "-It is mine, you hear me?"

"Yes Master." I sobbed.

"Yes what? Tell me what you learned today slave."

"I'm nothing but an owned slave, for you to use how you like."

"Good. Now wait here while I get you a little something. And if you even think about touching my pussy, then you will be punished." Master got up, spat on my face, and left the room.

I was petrified. Master's sudden display of dominance had caught me by surprise, I was too scared to even wipe his spit off my face. So I stayed exactly where I was, with my face to the floor and my now red ass stuck out. I realized how humiliating this position was, but I didn't dare move for fear of angering Master.

After a few minutes Master came back, and in his hand he held a chastity belt. Master laughed at my dismayed expression. "Got to make sure my no one touches my property, and if that means locking it up then so be it." Master said as he strapped the belt on to me. I swear my arousal increased ten-fold when I heard the lock click.

Master sat back down on the couch, leaned back and put his feet up on my sore ass. He went back to watching TV, paying no attention to my soaked cunt.
Master still continued. “Of course it wasn’t. You’re a slave, getting fucked is what your suppose to do. No one gets punished with something their suppose to do anyway. Just wait, tomorrow you’re going to get what’s coming to you.”
“Then cum you cock crazy Slut,” he orders as he digs his hands into my hips and fucks me harder. And God do I cum, and hard. My hips bucking, back arching and cunt tightening over his cock which I feel throbbing, cumming a second time. I collapse out of exhaustion, but my Master yanks me up to my knees by my hair and forces me to clean my cunt juices off of his dick. Only after I have thoroughly cleaned his cock, he allows me to curl up next to him and rest my head on his lap, petting my hair and calling me his good little Toy.
As each cock shoots its load inside you, it will quickly be replaced with another, and another, fucking you for hours on end. Leaving your belly full of cum, leaving your pussy dripping with it. Leaving you looking like an absolute slut.
I feel his cock slip between my legs, and before I can prepare myself for the onslaught he's pounding into me, my face pressed into the pillow as he completely dominates me. His entire weight is on my body and I can't move a muscle, I love it. I feel so turned on, I can feel myself throbbing around him at every thrust. I moan loudly into the pillow, feeling a little dizzy from lack of air. He grabs me by the back of the neck and pushes me down harder as he thrusts in me, deeper and deeper, hitting me in the perfect spot. I can feel myself building, but I can't tell him I'm going to cum. As I start to tense, he pulls me up so I'm on my knees, and with my head off the pillow I moan loudly, his cock is hitting me so deeply it almost hurts. His hand slaps over my mouth, "shh" he says, pumping harder into me. It starts to hurt more now, he's hitting me too deeply...but it feels good at the same time. I moan weakly against his hand as he holds me up, pumping harder and harder into me until we're both near cumming. I close my eyes and feel his hand leave my mouth. "I'm going to cum" he says, grabbing me by the hair roughly. The pain and his words send me over, both of us cumming at once.
